Additions to "Content with images must be labelled" (#40089)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/guides/understanding_wcag/text_labels_and_names/index.md

## Content with images must be labeled

> Provide descriptive text for all contentful (that is, non-decorative) images and image-like elements. This includes SVG images, {{htmlelement("img")}}, {{htmlelement("canvas")}}, {{htmlelement("map")}}, and {{htmlelement("area")}} elements, as well as {{htmlelement("input")}} elements where `type=image` and {{htmlelement("object")}} elements where the `type` starts with `image/`. The typical way to do this is with the `alt` attribute, but for the {{htmlelement("canvas")}} element the `aria-label` attribute is needed instead. Be sure that the description conveys what is shown in the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide descriptive text for all contentful (that is, non-decorative) images and image-like elements. This includes SVG images, {{htmlelement("img")}}, {{htmlelement("canvas")}}, {{htmlelement("map")}}, and {{htmlelement("area")}} elements, as well as {{htmlelement("input")}} elements where `type=image` and {{htmlelement("object")}} elements where the `type` starts with `image/`. The typical way to do this is with the `alt` attribute, but for elements that don't allow the `alt` attribute, such as {{htmlelement("canvas")}}, use [`role="img"`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/img_role) and [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) instead. Be sure that the description conveys what is shown in the image.
```
